Updated some of the wording and removed explicit callouts to RC Preview (#28516)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/setup/server.md

## Set up your RUM application

> ### Remotely Manage your RUM Applications in Datadog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Remotely manage your RUM applications in Datadog
```

> Remotely manage your RUM application configs directly from the Datadog console, after having them auto-instrumented with the RUM SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remotely manage your RUM application configurations directly from Datadog, after having them auto-instrumented with the RUM SDK.
```
